Updating Controller DI docs (#201)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/plugins/autowiring.rst

.. vale on

> Controllers can classic Dependency Injection but also :xref:`action_based_di` if you need the dependency in just one action. For the new controllers consider :xref:`invokable_controllers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controllers can use classic Dependency Injection or :xref:`action_based_di`. If the dependency is needed in only a single action, it's recommended to use the latter. For new controllers, consider :xref:`invokable_controllers`.
```
